# Boilerplate Server

## Structure

- `api` - Contains request and response handlers.
- `services` - Contains business logic services.

    As an example, let's take a payment service which interacts with a third-party payment gateway like Stripe.

    - `payment`
        - `service.go` - Describes the service interface which prescribes the signature of the service.
        - `model.go` - Describes the primary object/data struct/model the service deals with. For example, a `payment` service might deal with a `type Payment struct {}`. Or an `organisation` service might deal with `type Organisation struct {}`.
        - `default.go` - Describes the default service instance that is used throught the codebase if no other service is set.
        - `init.go` - Initializes the default service.

        In a large codebase, this can sometimes contain parent services, or in other words "systems." And every parent service would contain it's child service or sub-service.
        For example, an `organisation` service might have to deal with multiple tables in the database.
            1. The `organisations` table which contains the list of all organisations.
            1. The `memberships` table which contains many-to-many relationships between the users and the organisations those users are members of.

    - `mock.sh` - Contains the mockgen command that generates mocks for the service interface described in `service.go`.
    - `mock.go` - Contains the mocked service code generated by gomock or `mock.sh`.
    - `db`
        - `repository` - Contains repository layer for the service.
        - `migrations` - Contains SQL migration files.
- `web` - Contains front-end web application.
- `cli` - Contains the CLI (commands and scripts) code.
- `adapters` - Contains functions which are supposed to transform data between two services.
- `vendor` - Contains vendored dependencies.